# License

Copyright (c) 2020 - Olipro "_at_" uptheinter.net

Any software (the "work") incorporating, utilising or deriving from this work, whether directly or indirectly shall be licensed to do so under the Boost Software License below **if** such work can be obtained in human-readable source form and/or machine-code (binary) form at no cost to any person desiring to obtain it via the publicly routed internet whom already possesses a connection and computer equipment capable of receipt with the exception of any situation where such a transfer would incur involuntary civil liability or criminal penalties.

Individuals must be able to obtain such source code and/or binary without being required to transfer any form of information beyond that which is inherently a part of the transmission protocol (e.g. IP addresses, cookies, HTTP headers) and where availability is over at least one protocol (e.g. HTTP, FTP, Git) which a lay person with rudimentary computing skills could reasonably be considered capable of obtaining the work.

All distributed forms of the work must be available under the above terms and any transformation, modification or encapsulation applied to the work shall be considered a separate form - e.g. source code offered for sale but also publicly available in the form of an encrypted archive would violate these conditions.

Any individual covered by the above terms must be permitted to redistribute the work in the form they received it under these same terms.

All terms in this section shall supercede any conflicting or incompatible terms contained in the Boost Software License. Any portion of this document ruled invalid shall not invalidate any other portions and shall only have effect within the jurisdiction making such a ruling.

For any entity that finds these terms unsuitable, contact the copyright holder for alternative licensing.

## Contributions

By submitting any manner of changes to the author, you certify that such changes are original work for which you hold sole copyright and that upon its incorporation, author shall become an additional and independent copyright holder to those changes.

## ZSTD

A copy of the license is provided in the submodule.

## CityHash

A copy of the license is provided in the submodule.

## CLI11

See https://github.com/CLIUtils/CLI11/blob/master/LICENSE

This library is only applicable to the `assetmapcli` application.

# Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization
obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by
this license (the "Software") to use, reproduce, display, distribute,
execute, and transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the
Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to
do so, all subject to the following:

The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including
the above license grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer,
must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and
all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative
works are solely in the form of machine-executable object code generated by
a source language processor.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

